---
title: School Rules
permalink: /about-tkps/school-information/school-rules/
description: ""
third_nav_title: School Information
variant: tiptap
---
<h4><strong>School Rules</strong></h4><p>Learning takes place best when there is order and discipline, so that every Telok Kurau student grows in self-respect and integrity. At Telok Kurau Primary School, our staff strives to foster a caring school environment that is conducive to learning, growth, effort and excellence. The school rules are based on three key principles of Care:</p><p><strong>i. Care for Self</strong><br><strong>ii. Care for Others</strong><br><strong>iii. Care for School and the Community</strong></p><p><strong>1. Care for Self</strong></p><p>A student who cares for himself/herself will be able to conduct oneself with integrity and aspire to excellence.</p><p><strong>(a) Punctuality</strong></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Students are to be punctual.</p></li><li><p>Students are expected to report to school and assemble at the designated assembly areas by 7.30am every morning. If a student is not at the designated assembly venue by 7.30am, he/she would be considered late.</p></li><li><p>Students are to bring a book for silent reading daily.</p></li><li><p>Punctuality includes timely completion and submission of homework, assignments, projects and any other given tasks within the stipulated time frame.</p></li></ul><p><strong>(b) Personal Belongings</strong><br>Students should be responsible for taking care of their personal belongings and&nbsp;ensuring that their belongings are within sight or in proper care when they carry&nbsp;out their activities within the school compound.</p><p><strong>(c) Attire and Appearance</strong><br></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Students are to wear the prescribed school uniform and modifications to the uniform are NOT allowed.</p></li><li><p>Only white school shoes and socks are to be worn in school. Socks must cover the ankle and be visible above the shoe.</p></li><li><p>Male students must be clean-shaven. No facial hair is allowed.</p></li><li><p>Facial make-up is NOT allowed.</p></li><li><p>Fingernails must be kept short and clean. Nail polish is NOT allowed.</p></li><li><p>Jewellery and accessories, apart from watches, are NOT allowed.</p></li><li><p>Only small ear studs are allowed for female students.</p></li><li><p>Primary 1 to 3 students may wear their PE shorts throughout the day if they have a PE lesson. Primary 4 to 6 students will change to their PE shorts just before their PE lessons. After their PE lessons, they may remain in their PE shorts for the rest of the school day.</p></li></ul><h4><strong>2. Care for Others</strong></h4><p>Students must learn that their actions affect the people around them.</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>All students are not allowed to have in their possession any weapon. They are not allowed to bring any weapon-like item which is used or intended to be used to cause harm to others.</p></li><li><p>Students must remain silent in all assembly areas (e.g. School Hall, ISH Foyer, and Quadrangle).</p></li><li><p>Students should be courteous and respectful towards school staff, student leaders and peers at all times. Greeting of school staff and listening attentively to instructions by teachers and student leaders are some of the ways to show respect.</p></li><li><p>Students must be respectful towards one another’s race, culture, tradition and religion. Sensitivity to one another’s social background should also be shown.</p></li><li><p>Students must show care when interacting and playing with their schoolmates. Any conflict or disagreement should be resolved amicably and referred to teachers if necessary.</p></li><li><p>Integrity is highly valued. Any items or valuables found should be handed over immediately to a teacher or the General Office.</p></li></ul><h4><strong>3. Care for School and the Community</strong></h4><p>Students must learn to become socially responsible citizens that contribute meaningfully to the community.</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Students who are Singapore citizens must sing the National Anthem and take the Pledge. Students will take the Pledge with the right fist placed over the heart.</p></li><li><p>All Telok Kurau students are also expected to recite the Students’ Pledge daily during morning assembly.</p></li><li><p>Students must obey all signs, notices and reminders in the school, and ensure that the school is clean and tidy at all times.</p></li><li><p>It is the responsibility of students to be aware of the school rules and consequences for offences as detailed in the Student Handbook. Ignorance is not an excuse for infringement.</p></li><li><p>Integrity is also about influencing others to do right. Hence, students should report any form of improper behaviour or offences committed by other students to their teachers or any staff of the school immediately.</p></li><li><p>Students must not damage or destroy school or public property, regardless of intent.</p></li><li><p>Proper behaviour must be practised at all times both in and outside school.</p></li><li><p>Students must always uphold the good name of the school.</p></li><li><p>Should a student fail to observe proper conduct, his/her teachers will conduct appropriate follow-up actions and work with parents when necessary. Repeated displays of inappropriate behaviour and serious offences will be immediately referred to the Student Management Team, Student Development Team or School Leaders, and disciplinary actions may be considered.</p></li></ul><p></p>