---
title: School Core Values
permalink: /about-tkps/school-core-values/
description: ""
variant: tiptap
---
<h3><strong>School Core Values</strong></h3><p>The core values in TKPS reflect those of the Character and Citizenship Education syllabus. “The core values (Respect, Responsibility, Resilience, Integrity, Care and Harmony) are fundamental for a person of good character and a useful citizen of Singapore. They guide students to discern between right and wrong, help them to make responsible choices and become more aware of their roles in society.”<br>(CCE Syllabus 2014 p. 2) <br><br>I show <strong>RESPECT</strong> when I am polite and accept everyone for who they are. <br><br>I show <strong>RESPONSIBILITY</strong> when I carry out my duties well. <br><br>I show <strong>RESILIENCE</strong> when I do not give up in the face of challenges. <br><br>I show <strong>INTEGRITY</strong> when I tell the truth and do what is right. <br><br>I show <strong>CARE</strong> when I understand the needs of others and offer help to those in need. <br><br>I show <strong>HARMONY</strong> when I value and build good relationships with everyone. <br><br></p><table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Value</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Observable Behaviour</p></th></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Responsibility</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Submitting my assignments and homework on time</p></li><li><p>Revising my work regularly</p></li><li><p>Carrying out a classroom job well</p></li><li><p>Keeping my physical appearance clean and tidy</p></li><li><p>Keeping my classroom and school clean and tidy</p></li></ul></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Respect</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Listening attentively to the teacher during lessons or assembly programmes</p></li><li><p>Sitting upright</p></li><li><p>Raising my hand and waiting for my turn to speak</p></li><li><p>Being polite to everyone</p></li><li><p>Queuing up in an orderly manner</p></li></ul></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>&nbsp;<strong>Resilience</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Being willing to try something new or difficult</p></li><li><p>Remaining calm during difficult situations</p></li><li><p>Learning from my mistakes so that I can be better at the things I do</p></li><li><p>Persevering when the going gets tough</p></li><li><p>Knowing when, where and how to seek help</p></li></ul></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>&nbsp;<strong>Integrity</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Telling the truth</p></li><li><p>Admitting my mistake when I have done something wrong</p></li><li><p>Standing up for what is right even when it is difficult to do so</p></li></ul></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>&nbsp;<strong>Care</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Walking quietly when moving from place to place in school</p></li><li><p>Treating school books and equipment with care</p></li><li><p>Helping classmates and school staff</p></li><li><p>Taking initiative to offer help to others</p></li></ul></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>&nbsp;<strong>Harmony</strong><br></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Appreciating ideas and contributions from others</p></li><li><p>Working well in teams</p></li><li><p>Sharing resources and equipment with classmates</p></li></ul></td></tr></tbody></table><p><br></p>