---
title: Use of Mobile Devices
permalink: /about-tkps/use-mobile-devices/
description: ""
variant: tiptap
---
<h4><strong>Students' Use of Mobile Devices</strong></h4><p>We understand that parents/guardians may at times require their children to bring mobile devices to school.&nbsp;The school policy on the use of mobile devices ensures that students are focussed during school hours and&nbsp;not distracted by calls, messaging or using the social media, multimedia and internet functions of the mobile&nbsp;device. Please note the following conditions:</p><p></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>The mobile device must be switched off by 7.25 am every morning. The device must remain switched&nbsp;off till the end of school hours and Supplementary / Enrichment lessons, Small Group Teaching&nbsp;sessions, CCAs and Higher Mother Tongue lessons.</p></li><li><p>At the end of school hours, mobile devices can only be switched on and operated on silent mode when&nbsp;the students are at one of the four call/ messaging zones,<br></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Gate 1 dismissal area,</p></li><li><p>Gate 4 dismissal area,</p></li><li><p>School Canteen.</p></li></ul><p></p></li><li><p>The use of mobile devices is not permitted in other areas of the school after school hours.</p></li><li><p>In cases of emergency parents/ guardians can call the School Office to get in touch with their child/ward. For non-emergencies, parents/ guardians can SMS their child and leave a message for him/her to&nbsp;return a call as soon as the message is read at the end of school hours.</p></li><li><p>Students are responsible for the care of their mobile devices and must be kept with them at all times.</p></li><li><p>The mobile device must be clearly labelled with the student’s name and class.</p></li><li><p>The school shall not be held responsible for any loss or damage of students’ mobile devices.</p></li><li><p>The school reserves the right to check on students’ mobile devices.</p></li><li><p>Non-compliance with the school policy on the use of mobile devices will require students to hand over&nbsp;their devices to school authorities. </p></li><li><p>Parents/ guardians will be required to personally collect their child’s mobile device from the school’s&nbsp;General Office.</p></li></ul><p></p>