---
title: Character & Citizenship Education (CCE)
permalink: /curriculum/cce/
description: ""
third_nav_title: Character & Citizenship Edu
variant: tiptap
---
<h3><strong>Character &amp; Citizenship Education (CCE)</strong></h3><h4><strong>Vision</strong></h4><p>Students of exemplary character who are rooted to Singapore yet global in outlook</p><h4><strong>Mission</strong></h4><p>To nurture strength of character and cultivate a strong sense of Singapore identity and pride</p><h4><strong>Key Programmes</strong></h4><p><strong>NE Commemorative Days</strong></p><p>Four NE Commemorative Days are identified as defining moments in Singapore's history. They are Total Defence Day, International Friendship Day, Racial Harmony Day and National Day.</p><p>We focus on the design of experiences that strengthen our students’ citizenship dispositions, inspiring them to take collective ownership of their future as a nation and instilling active citizenry in them.</p><p>IMAGE(S)</p><p><strong>National Education Learning Journeys (NE LJ)</strong></p><p>National Education Learning Journeys are authentic learning experiences that enable students to explore their personal and collective identity by engaging with the people, perspectives and places of Singapore. One example is the National Education Show.</p><p><strong>Field-Based Learning (FbL)</strong></p><p>Field-Based Learning allows students to contextualise their learning experience in an authentic real-world setting. Besides engaging our students’ interest in inquiry, field-based learning also motivates and sustains their interest in the subject matter as they learn to explore, construct new knowledge and make connections to the topic being studied.</p><p><strong>Values-in-Action (VIA)</strong></p><p>VIA provides learning experiences that support students’ development as socially responsible citizens who contribute meaningfully to the community, through the learning and application of values, knowledge and skills. VIA fosters student ownership over how they contribute to the community. As part of VIA, our students reflect on their experience, the values they have put into practice, and how they can continue to contribute meaningfully.</p><p>IMAGE(S)</p><p><strong>ECG Fair</strong></p><p>During the ECG Fair, our students have the opportunity to explore and discover more about the exciting educational possibilities that await them through visiting the booths set up by secondary schools and interacting with the seniors.</p><p>IMAGE(S)</p><p><strong>CCE Ambassador Programme</strong></p><p>The CCE Ambassador Programme is a structured leadership programme that strengthens values and builds competencies in selected student leaders who serve as role models for their peers. They will learn to:</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>take initiative to promote school values, &nbsp;&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>foster a sense of belonging and responsibility to the school, community and nation, and</p></li><li><p>be actively involved in facilitating CCE activities and core events to create a vibrant and meaningful experience for the school population</p></li></ul><p><strong>Values Ambassador Programme</strong></p><p>The Values Ambassador Programme is a form of recognition for students who have exemplified our school values with unwavering dedication. Symbolised by specially chosen animals and thoughtfully designed by Mr Mark Chang, each collar pin carries the spirit of the value it represents. Aspiring to earn all six collar pins with each representing one school value, every student is empowered to strive for excellence and contribute positively to our school community.</p><p>IMAGE(S)</p>